explain about QoS types in a paragaraph (#20876)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/quality-service-pod.md

## QoS classes

When Kubernetes creates a Pod it assigns one of these QoS classes to the Pod

> based on [resource limit and request](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers.md):

Reviewer: I think this is a broken hyperlink too. I'd expect to see:
```suggestion
based on [resource limit and request](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)
```

* Guaranteed

  Pods are considered high-priority and are guaranteed to not be killed until they exceed their limits. The scheduler assigns Guaranteed Pods only to nodes
  which have enough resources to fulfill their resource requests.  
  To be sure Pods will be included in Guaranteed Qos, every Container in the Pod must have resource(memory and CPU) limit and request, and they have to be same.  

>   The default CPU management policy of Kubernetes is [“None”](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#none-policy). Under this policy Guaranteed Pods run in the shared CPU pool on a node.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  The default CPU management policy of Kubernetes is [`none`](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#none-policy). Under this policy, Guaranteed Pods run in the shared CPU pool on a node.
```

>   To allocate exclusive CPU cores to Guaranteed Pods with [static](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy) CPU management policy CPU requests should be an integer, Pods with fraction request of CPU cores will run in the shared CPU pool.    

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  If you want to allocate exclusive CPU cores to Guaranteed Pods with [static](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy) CPU management policy, those Pods' CPU requests should be an integer. The kubelet runs Pods with fractional request for of CPU cores using the shared CPU pool.
```

>   To allocate exclusive CPU cores to Guaranteed Pods with [static](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy) CPU management policy CPU requests should be an integer, Pods with fraction request of CPU cores will run in the shared CPU pool.    

Author: ```suggestion
   If you want to allocate exclusive CPU cores to Guaranteed Pods with [static](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy) CPU management policy, those Pods' CPU requests should be an integer. The kubelet runs Pods with request for a fraction of CPU cores, using the shared CPU pool.  
```

  Whenever a Kubelet reports [DiskPressure node condition](/docs/concepts/architecture/nodes/#condition), the scheduler stops scheduling any new Guaranteed Pods onto the node.  

>   And when an [eviction](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource.md) happens on node, Guaranteed Pods have the lowest score ([oom_score_adj](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#node-oom-behavior)) to be killed.

Reviewer: `/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource.md` is a broken / incorrect hyperlink.

>   And when an [eviction](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource.md) happens on node, Guaranteed Pods have the lowest score ([oom_score_adj](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#node-oom-behavior)) to be killed.

Author: ```suggestion
  And when an [eviction](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/) happens on node, Guaranteed Pods have the lowest score ([`oom_score_adj`](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#node-oom-behavior)) to be killed.
```

* Burstable

  Pods have some form of minimal resource guarantee, but can use more resources when available.  

>   To be sure a Pod will be included in Burstable QoS, at least one Contianer must have resource(memory or CPU) limit or request.  

Reviewer: nit: “Contianer” should be “container”.

>   To be sure a Pod will be included in Burstable QoS, at least one Contianer must have resource(memory or CPU) limit or request.  

Author: To be sure a Pod will be included in Burstable QoS, at least one container must have resource(memory or CPU) limit or request.

>   To be sure a Pod will be included in Burstable QoS, at least one Contianer must have resource(memory or CPU) limit or request.  

Author: ```suggestion
  To be sure a Pod will be included in Burstable QoS, at least one container must have resource(memory or CPU) limit or request.  
```

  The default CPU management policy of Kubernetes is "None" and Pods with Burstable QoS will use shared CPU with other QoS kinds.  
  Whenever a Kubelet reports DiskPressure node condition, like Guaranteed Pods, no new Burstable Pods will be scheduled on the node.
  When Kubelet reclaims memory prior to a node experiencing system OOM, Burstable Pods will be killed whenever no BestEffort Pods remain.

* BestEffort

  Pods are not guaranteed to be placed on to nodes that have enough resources for them.  
  Pods with no resource request or limit on its Containers considered BestEffort QoS.  
  Like Burstable QoS, BestEffort pods use share CPU and can't use static CPU.  
  If Kubelet reports both DiskPressure and MemoryPressure node condition, no new BestEffort Pods will  be scheduled on the node.

>   Kubelet kill BestEffort Pods first in eviction condition happens on node because BestEffort has the highest score (oom_score_adj) in these QoS classes.

Reviewer: nit / query:
```suggestion
  The kubelet kills BestEffort Pods first if a Node becomes encounters a condition that taints the Node, because BestEffort has the highest score (`oom_score_adj`) in these QoS classes.
```
(is this still true with TaintBasedEviction?)

>   Kubelet kill BestEffort Pods first in eviction condition happens on node because BestEffort has the highest score (oom_score_adj) in these QoS classes.

Author: ```suggestion
  The kubelet kills BestEffort Pods first if a Node encounters a condition that taints the Node, because BestEffort has the highest score (`oom_score_adj`) in these QoS classes. Except Pods which tolerate the taint that will not be killed according to [`Taint Based Evictions`](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/#taint-based-evictions). 
```

Author: no it will kill other pods without toleration first

## QoS classes

Quality of Services classes classify pods into one of three types: Guaranteed, Burstable, and BestEffort.
The classification of pods is based on the [resource limits and requests](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/).
Each classification has effects on the scheduling policy and Eviction policy of a pod as well as on the resource usage of nodes.

### Guaranteed

To be sure a pod will be included in the Guaranteed QoS, every container in the pod must have
resource(memory and CPU) limits and requests set, and they both have to be the same. The scheduler will make sure that
a pod running in a Guaranteed QoS class is assigned to a node that has enough resources to fulfill its resource requests.
A pod running in a Guaranteed QoS class can make use of exclusive CPUs  thanks to the [static](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#static-policy) CPU management policy.

> When a node becomes [out of resource](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/), QoS classification helps kubelet

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
When a node becomes [out of resource](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/), QoS classification helps the kubelet
```

> to prioritize pods when the node needs to reclaim resources or when `oom_killer` needs to kill containers.

Reviewer: ```suggest
to prioritize Pods when the node needs to reclaim resources or when the operating system's out-of-memory handling is looking for processes to terminate.
```
?

The OOM killer might be set up to run with knowledge of containers and cgroups all the same, but that depends on the container runtime.

Author: it's intro for benefits of QoS classification I explain in more detail in the paragraph
```suggestion
to prioritize Pods when the kubelet receives `out-of-resource` signals or  when the operating system's out-of-memory handling is looking for processes to terminate.
```

Reviewer: Only some container runtimes are concerned with `oom_killer` behavior (the Pod might be running on Windows, for example). I'd like the page to be broadly applicable.

Author: ```suggestion
to prioritize Pods when the node needs to reclaim memory. The kubelet orders pods by their usage of memory,
```
I think there is no need to talk about `oom_killer` here this [`comment`](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/20876/files#r439850968) is enough, do you agree?

> If the `Guaranteed` pod uses memory resource lower than the requested resource, the pod has the lowest

Reviewer: ```
The kubelet avoids evicting `Guaranteed` Pods that are using less memory than their request.
```

I'd assume that _system-cluster-critical_ and _system-node-critical_ Pods get an even lower eviction likelihood; is that right?

Author: for system-cluster-critical and system-node-critical Pods it depends on priorityClass that's referenced in /docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#evicting-end-user-pods and I referenced in line below. Is it needed to be mentioned again?

Reviewer: That term _lowest_ is important. If there is a _system-cluster-critical_ Pod running along with a `Guaranteed` Pod and another Pod that isn't special, which of those 3 Pods is least likely to be evicted when “the node needs to reclaim resources”?

Also, is the reclaim behavior specific to the memory resource?

Author: ```suggestion
 so if the `Guaranteed` pod uses memory resource lower than the requested resource, then the kubelet ranks pods by their [`priorityClass`](/docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/) and then by the percentage of requested resource usage, the lowest in the ranking 
```
because pods request memory and CPU and kubelet gets signals for disk and memory resource. yes we can say it's just memory

> priority to be [evicted](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#evicting-end-user-pods) by kubelet.

Author: ```suggestion
has the least chance to be [evicted](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#evicting-end-user-pods) by kubelet.
```
@sftim I reword this sentence to add priority and ranking of pods to be killed by kubelet.

> The kubelet score container based on their QoS classification a `oom_score_adj` score and `oom_killer` uses `oom_score_adj` and the percentage of

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The kubelet scores container based on their QoS classification and their `oom_score_adj` score. On Linux, there is out-of-memory process killing kernel task. The out-of-memory kernel task pays attention to `oom_score_adj` and the percentage of
```

container usage of memory in the node to calculate `oom_score` for the container.
So when the node experiences a system OOM event before kubelet to take action, the `oom_killer` scores a container
`oom_score` and kills the container on the node with highest `oom_score` in this case Guaranteed pod has the lowest `oom_score_adj`
so lowest chance to be killed by `oom_killer` based on [node OOM behavior](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#node-oom-behavior).

### Burstable

> For a pod to be included in the Burstable QoS, at least one container in the pod must have a resource (memory or CPU) limit or request set.

Reviewer: This looks difficult to word correctly. Should this be:
```suggestion
For a pod to be included in the Burstable QoS class, at least one container in the pod must have a limit or request set for either or both of two key resources: memory and CPU.
```
?

> The scheduler schedules pods running in a burstable QoS class on a node which fulfils resource requests. If pods don’t define resource limits,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduler schedules pods running in a burstable QoS class on a node capable of meeting the Pod's resource request(s). If pods don’t define limits for a particular resource,
```
?

then it can use more resources than the amount requested. All Burstable pods run with [`none`](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies/#none-policy) CPU management policy.

The kubelet uses QoS classification when the kubelet needs to reclaim resources of a node due to [out of resource conditions](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#node-conditions).

> When a node condition happens, `Burstable` pod which uses more than requested and has no resource limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a node condition happens, a `Burstable` pod that uses more than its request, and has no resource limit,
```

is ranked by [Priority](/docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/) and its usage and they are most likely
to be evicted first by kubelet. On the other hand, `Burstable` pods whose usage is lower than requested resource usage,
like `Guaranteed` pods have the lowest priority to be [evicted](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#evicting-end-user-pods).
If a node experiences a system OOM event and `oom_killer` takes action before the kubelet, The `Burstable` pods have a middle `oom_score_adj`
between Guaranteed and BestEffort class depending on memory request and the memory capacity of the node. After `BestEffort` pods Burstable pods
have more chance to be killed by `oom_killer` based on [node OOM behavior](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#node-oom-behavior).

### BestEffort

> If All containers in a pod have no limits or requests on resources, the pod runs in the BestEffort QoS class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all the containers in a Pod have no limits or requests on resources, the pod runs in the BestEffort QoS class.
```
(if a Pod has, say, one container with a cluster-level extended resource request, and no other limits or requests, what QoS class does it run in?)

The pod can take any resources needed and the scheduler doesn’t reserve any resources and doesn’t limit resource usage.
But when a node reports `MemoryPressure` condition, the scheduler will not schedule `BestEffort` pods on the node due to [`Node condition`](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource/#scheduler).
Like the Burstable QoS class, pods running in the BestEffort QoS class use the shared CPU pool and can't use the static CPU management policy.

In the case of out of resource node condition, kubelet ranks pods based on their QoS classification.

> The `BestEffort` pods have no limits and requests on resources so can use resources aggressively.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
`BestEffort` pods have no limits and requests on resources so can use resources aggressively.
```
Also: is this correct?

Author: yes

* [Configure Quotas for API Objects](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/quota-api-object/)

* [Control Topology Management policies on a node](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/topology-manager/)

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: It looks like you have a line left from a conflict.

=======
{{% /capture %}}

> >>>>>>> correct typo

Reviewer: Please cut this text out.
